
**<u>Voice</u>**: Andrew

**<u>Minutes</u>**: Kat 

**<u>Start time</u>**: 8:10

**<u>End Time</u>**: 9:05

**Attendees**: Gavin B., Joe S., John R., Kat S., Lix H., Maxwell, Halen, Andrew, Ian, Davis, Bernard, Scout, Tony S., 
Jared M. R., Richard M., Chris D. (16 people)

**Agenda** - Vote on By-Laws

**Agenda addition** (Joe S.) - Vote on officers before submitting By-Laws - spread responsibilities; break-up secretary 
and treasurer position. Historically two separate roles. Spreading roles to empower and engage. (8:05)

**Previous Minutes** (8:11) - Previous minutes read, no new news added

## **Vote on By-Laws edits** (8:14)

[DRAFT]() 

Bernard worked on the draft. Most edits were cosmetic and fixing 
grammatical errors. Added pieces that seemed missing. Editing out nonapplicable items from Wooster by-laws template. 
Bernard resolved most of the comments. Thanked John for copy editing.

1. Outstanding comments (mostly aesthetic) 
2. Liz H. suggested we review comments and read the by-laws through quickly. (no objections)
3. Bernard read through by-laws edits
4. Article I copied and pasted, but we should include surrounding areas.
5. Article II: Members changed to reflect members from surrounding areas. Compared Philly and Detroit GMB’s by-laws 
    to our by-laws.
6. Article III: Roles, Branch Secretary, Branch Correspondence Secretary, and Branch Treasurer were copied and 
pasted. Included Section 5: Harassment & Grievance Office should we keep it? Not urgent; consider in the future. 
7. Article IV: Policies & Procedures - room for discussion; include rank choice voting down the road. Simple 
majority vote for now. 
8. Article VII: Committees - add communication committee later?
9. Article IX: Criteria for Dissolving Branches - addition because of the history of Austin chapters dissolving. 
    Linked to criteria document.
        
### **FLOOR**:

1. Davis - regarding linking to Article IX: Criteria for Dissolving Branches he suggests linking to a specific version of dissolving instruction and we create a distinct code of conduct; suggested example - Project Jupyter code of conduct (link)
2. Gavin - Amendments (section IV Article V) - allowing to tweak and modify as we go along rather than waiting a year. Andrew seconds.
3. Bernard - pushing to get established; vote as they stand now and set time to review and edit further. Logic - have by-laws now.
4. Andrew - article or line about emergency votes or changes
5. Gavin - seconds Andrews proposal; run with these rules; wait for officers to be in roles for a while
6. Joe S. - Don’t confuse by-laws with policy; we can change the manner in which we vote changing the by-laws
7. Ian - subject to change; editing as we put it to the test
8. Andrew - agrees with Joe S. 
9. Joe S. - no need to be redundant 

## **Split Secretary and Treasurer Officer roles** (8:38)

### **FLOOR**:

1. Most pressing
2. Liz H. to open up nomination and self-nomination to the general group
3. Use the # voting channel in Discord to vote (1 week voting period) (email blast)
4. General consensus to split Secretary and Treasurer (no objection)
5. Chris D. - stressed and seconded the email blast point. Mentioned not getting by-laws link before meetings.
6. Liz H. - offered to help with the Discord learning curve.
7. Halen - suggest using the website; integrates Discord
8. John R. -  set regular meeting time; be considerate, but don’t have too many streams of communication.
9. Joe S. - agrees with John R. (simplify comm.) and the job of the Secretary is to disseminate meeting information.  In the meantime, we have a great thing going. Email chain for minutes.
10. Tony S. - reiterated the need for a list of other ways to communicate with members. 
11. Bernard - should we have an acting secretary until we vote on the Secretary?
12. Tony S - volunteered to be acting secretary and has access to email as the Delegate.
13. Halen - the spread of information; seconds acting secretary; offers apartment for meetings. 
14. Adam - nominating committee suggestion; offered space at Unitarian Church

## **Wrap-up** (8:56)

### **FLOOR**:

1. John R. - vote for by-laws and officer positions 
2. Joe S.
    1. shouldn’t be voted in the meeting; Andrew seconded
    2. doodle format for access
    3. Tony announce the vote via Discord and email message
    4. 1 week for nominations
    5. 1 week to vote - use Doodle for voting to ensure accessibility 
3. Tony S. - 1-week nomination period and 1-week voting.


Next meeting - April 12; 8:00pm

Voice: Bernard

Minutes: Gavin
